In 2013, TSC expanded in a number of dimensions, including scope, editorial board, and contributing communities. First, TSC expanded its scope by introducing the new taxonomy of services computing (http://www.computer.org/ portal/web/tsc/taxonomy). This new taxonomy broadens the scope of TSC from the foundations of services computing to cover cloud computing services, big data technologies, the Internet of Things (IoT), social computing, and business management. This new taxonomy refl ects the continued advancements of services computing from both services science and services engineering perspectives. Second, TSC has expanded its editorial board to 43 associate editors in response to the broadening scope of TSC and the growing community of researchers and practitioners as authors and readers. More importantly, the TSC community continues to expand and attract both technical professionals and business management professionals. In recognition of its important role, TSC has been indexed by major indexing systems, such as Thomson Reuters (ISI), EI Compendex, and Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-e). TSC welcomes 2014 with a number of new projects on the way. We are introducing survey papers as a featured section in TSC regular issues, in addition to special topic sections where guest editors are invited to solicit submissions on hot and emerging topics of special interests. We are planning to work with the steering committees of the IEEE International Conference on Web Services and the IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing to create TSC special sessions. Authors of TSC accepted papers are offered an opt-in opportunity to present their work at one of these two conferences. The EiC is working closely with the TSC advisory board to explore new dimensions to attract higher readership and authorship from the business and management community. Finally, The EiC will continue to work with the TSC editorial board through multiple threads to maintain the average re...