As the web is increasingly used not only to find answers to specific information needs but also to carry out various tasks, enhancing the capabilities of current web search engines with effective and efficient techniques for web service retrieval and selection becomes an important issue. Existing service matchmakers typically determine the relevance between a web service advertisement and a service request by computing an overall score that aggregates individual matching scores among the various parameters in their descriptions. Two main drawbacks characterize such approaches. First, there is no single matching criterion that is optimal for determining the similarity between parameters. Instead, there are numerous approaches ranging from Information Retrieval similarity measures up to semantic logic-based inference rules. Second, the reduction of individual scores to an overall similarity leads to significant information loss. Determining appropriate weights for these intermediate scores requires knowledge of user preferences, which is often not possible or easy to acquire. Instead, using a typical aggregation function, such as the average or the minimum of the degrees of match across the service parameters, introduces undesired bias, which often reduces the accuracy of the retrieval process. Consequently, several services, e.g., those having a single unmatched parameter, may be excluded from the result set, while being potentially good candidates. In this work, we present two complementary approaches that overcome the aforementioned deficiencies. First, we propose a methodology for ranking the relevant services for a given request, introducing objective measures based on dominance relationships defined among the services. Second, we investigate methods for clustering the relevant services in a way that reveals and reflects the different trade-offs between the matched parameters. We demonstrate the effectiveness and the efficiency of our proposed techniques and algo...