Push notification is an important approach to distribute interesting information to users timely. With the fast development of mobile devices and mobile applications, push notification is getting more and more popular. The convergence of mobile and IoT also bring new challenges on how the system can handle the mixed push channels designed for M2M communication and human interaction, and enable the effective interaction with both human and IoT devices involved. IoT devices may push notifications of sensor data in a high frequency. To enable push notification for both of mobile devices and IoT devices, the push notification system is required to achieve high throughput to handle the frequent notifications, and support content matching to filter out the undesired notifications. To enable effective push notification with both human and IoT devices involved, the system is required to understand the users' interests for notifications with the IoT devices providing the users' contexts. That is to say users need an intelligent push notification system. In this paper we propose a high performance context-aware push notification system for the converged mobile and IoT messaging. We designed high performance content matching engine as the core to enable efficient message dispatching for push notification according to highly personalized interest to ensure IoT messages to be involved in push notification. A user's interest of notifications is highly related with his context. Therefore, based on the content-matching engine, a framework for efficient context information fusion is built to support various types of context-aware push notification, towards intelligent push notification. Also we designed shared connection scheme to reduce the resource cost. Based on the content-match engine and context-aware features, the proposed push notification service can support both of group push notification and bi-directional push notification. Tests are conducted for performance evaluation.